How do you take your intraday trades?

What I look for is an imbalance in the stock.
I get in after a huge price movement is visible in the stock.
I then look for an entry to participate in the rally which could either last for a few minutes or a couple of hours.
Average True Range (ATR) shooting up is one of the criteria that I look out for.

I only trade in cash market in intraday and lookout for stocks where the implied volatility (IV) is at historic high.
These high volatility stocks make for good candidates for intra-day trading.
I look to participate in line with the trend but am open to taking a trade in the other direction.

Suppose that a volatile stock is trading close to its all-time high.
It could either run past these levels or it can test the high and fall.
These are the points where I look to trade.
I might take a position where the stock moves first, but I am equally comfortable in changing my direction if a pivot point is taken off.

My stop loss points are generally at pivot lows, or it can be the low of the day, low of the previous day or some such point.
I normally keep 2 levels of protection for my stop loss points.

For my exits, I look for optimum exit points.
Suppose if I am risking Rs 10,000 on a trade and if I see a Rs 20,000 profit in it I will move my stop loss closer to protect the profit.
I might even at times book partially or trail the trade with a very tight stop loss.

In the intra-day strategy,
my win to loss trades is between 50-60 percent with a risk-reward of Rs 2 for every rupee risked.


What about the positional strategy?

Positional strategy is completely different. Here I am looking to enter a sustained trend or a resumption of a trend.
Here the requirement is that there should be a confluence of multiple things.
It can be a trendline and a moving average bounce or a support level and moving average.
Such stocks then come in my watch list.

I then look for triggers in the form of either an increase in open interest or a big candle
which will confirm that market is respecting this confluence.
I follow the positional strategy mainly in Nifty and Bank Nifty as I find that doing it for stocks is riskier.

In positional trade,
the win to loss ratio is better at 65 percent with the same risk-reward as that of intraday trades.
